O: Thank you.
Ladies and gentleman your question and answer session will now begin.
If you wish to ask a question please key star-one on your phone.
If you change your mind and decide to withdraw your question simply key star-two.
All questions will be answered in the order received and you will be advised when to ask a question.
All other lines will remain in listen only.
Thank you, your first question is from Andrew Lee, Goldman Sachs.
Please go ahead.
Q: Thank you.
I've got two questions; one on Global Services and one on Retail.
In Global Services, costs in cable and wireless both had weak results in the UK corporate markets.
And the latter blamed more aggressive BT pricing than expected.
Why do you think you seem to be currently winning in this apparently difficult market?
And are we missing that you've reduced your cost base significantly, which has enabled you to - enabling you to price more competitively?
Any color on that would be helpful.
And then on Retail, just earlier TalkTalk was highlighting on their call that customer churn is starting to significantly reduce.
Are you seeing any impact on your customer intake?
Thank you.
A: Right, I'll pass to Jeff about UK corporate in a second.
But just give you my overall view in that; we're doing better.
I mentioned, however, our profitability's increasing in the UK.
So it's always strange the way people sort of want to blame other people for things.
We think most of life and business is about self-help or self-harm.
And in our case, we worked as good as we could and should have been, I think, in the UK a few years ago and we lost some business and we're starting to win it back.
So I think we're doing better.
I think our propositions are stronger and we're doing a better job.
Not as well as we - as we intend to do going forward.
But Jeff, do you want to talk about the UK?
A: Yes, I think probably to mention, number one, is we are more focused on certain aspects of the portfolio, UK products being one of those, because it's our core business.
Cost improvements there have helped us, I think, in the competitive situations where we priced more aggressively.
We have also changed the sales plan this year.
We have implemented new sales plans to emphasize TOV less and revenue growth year-over-year and new acquisition of business in the UK more.
So you might see a mix in our TOV there, but we're - for all intent and purposes we're going after revenue growth and gaining back share that we have lost.
I think also some of the infrastructure improvements that we're making in the UK, we are also bringing that through our product portfolio and that's helping as well.
A: Yeah, and so - and we are driving - and the aim as with all our business, drive profitable growth and - so it's good to see UK profits increase.
I will ask Gavin if he wants to say anything about UK broadband market.
Bear in mind, guys, it's four weeks since we reported the results, so we are not going to comment on what's happened in the last four weeks in the marketplace.
You'll just have to wait and see the joys of next quarter as to how we've performed.
But Gavin, do you want to talk about the market, just generically?
A: Yeah, sure.
I think the TalkTalk comment was they mentioned towards the end of their quarter that they'd seen an improvement in churn.
We haven't seen any impact on our ability to acquire customers, be it from TalkTalk or anybody else in the market.
Acquisition remained strong through May and June on both brands, both BT and PlusNet.
A: Okay.
Next question?
O: Thank you for your question.
Next question is from the line of Robert Grindle from Deutsche Bank.
Please go ahead.
Q: Yeah, good morning.
At the trade press, [indiscernible] suggested you are upgrading your network to cope with broadcast IGTV .
Is that right and would you be able to get rid of additional terrestrial multiplex at some point?
And then secondly please, what is the latest on the duct and pole trials and the prospects for any agreed reference offer any time soon?
Many thanks.
A: In terms of - multicast is absolutely on our roadmap, as we said.
I don't think that's instead of DTT, I think that's as well as.
I think broadcast - the main broadcast channels probably will be better on broadcast, but there certainly be other channels, linear channels which we provided over wires effectively.
And it gives us real optionality, in fact the optionality to combine different types of offers.
What we are seeing generally among customers is things that they don't have to watch live; more and more they're not, they're watching it on demand when they want to.
But clearly things like sport and sort of events like X Factor they will - they'll want to watch live.
So I think the UK is in a very interesting position; it seemed - I've talked to a lot of technology companies around the world, they see the UK in this way, which is that combination of DTT as fiber coming together and it's one of the reasons they're very interested in YouView.
On duct and pole, and I'll ask Liv to comment in a second on it.
I mean we are working hard to - on the duct and pole trails.
I think it's a - I think question is can we come to an agreed reference or we will base our pricing off our cost base and we've already said our pricing is better than European average.
I can't speak, necessarily, for whether that fits into other people's business plans.
But what certainly our reference offer cannot do is solve other people's business plans that are - uneconomic.
But Liv, do you want to say how it's going?
A: Yes, so what we said we'd do is that we would look for people to trial with us; we've got three parties signed up to trial and we'll next year seek the terms from more [indiscernible] than recently, but we've got those terms and we are waiting for them to begin the actual dig.
So they're surveying.
As we've said all along, the state of ducts in the UK is not exactly perfect.
And some of the early surveys shows blocked up, so people are now surveying new routes.
So that's happening at the moment.
We would hope that they would begin to do the actual physical dig activity maybe even as early as over the next couple of weeks and as soon as we've got early results, we will issue revised prices, as we've always said.
So I would say certainly not before September, but I would imagine early September is when we hope to have the results from those trials and we would then issue some revised prices.
A: Okay.
Q: Many thanks.
A: Thanks.
Next question, please.
O: Thank you.
Next question is from the line of Paul Sidney from Credit Suisse.
Please go ahead.
Q: Thank you very much.
I had just two quick questions, please.
S&P recently raised you to BBB.
I was just wondering how should we think about how that impacts your thoughts on distribution going forward and how should we think about any particular timing on any communication you - that you make on distribution following that announcement?
And secondly - very hypothetical question.
But if the triennial review on the pension scheme at the end of the year decides that your scheme is in surplus, could you just confirm that the topper payments would stop immediately from that point?
Thank you.
A: The danger with hypothetical questions is you might give real answers.
Look, I think it's too early to speculate as to what might happen on the triennial.
We have got to see what happens there.
In principal, we won't pay additional contributions into a surplus scheme.
Under that [indiscernible] valuation, I would find it difficult to understand why one would.
But I think as you said, we're talking hypothetical questions at the moment.
So that deals with that.
In terms of the [indiscernible] upgrade, I don't know if Tony wants to add anything.
We were expecting to receive it at some point; we never should have gone down in the first place.
And our rating remains to be BBB, BBB-plus.
It's positive that S&P recognizes, I think, the financial strength of the company.
But it doesn't really change what we said in May, which people can look forward to progressive dividend; we obviously have to be clear on the pension.
But we have a very well-covered dividend on one side and we recognize that and we're very confident of our future; we recognize that.
And we'll also be prudent guardians and etcetera.
But shareholders certainly, in the meantime, whilst we get clarity on some of these points can look forward to a progressive dividend.
Tony, anything you want to add?
No, Tony is nodding and saying he completely agrees with that.
So I'll take the next question, thank you.
Q: Thank you.
O: Thank you.
Next question is from the line of Wilton Fry, Merrill Lynch.
Please go ahead.
Q: Yeah, hi.
I had three interrelated questions, if I may -
A: Well three, Wilton.
Come on, pushing your luck I'll tell you -
Q: Well, they're all on the same subject.
Can you give us some color on the amount of overlap between your fiber rollout and the cable footprint?
Secondly, do you expect yourselves as BT Retail and Wholesale - and your Wholesalers to ultimately take share from cable, given what it does to effectively hit speed and price relative to Virgin?
And thirdly, can you give us an update on any conversation you're having with Sky around wholesaling fiber?
Thanks.
A: Right, on the last one I don't think it's fair or reasonable for us to give an update on another company's discussions with us.
And I believe Sky are announcing tomorrow; so best ask Jeremy .
I am sure he will be far more willing to give you an update on his company than I should.
On share, I don't want to predict the future, but we can look at last quarter; that's exactly what did happen.
We did take share from fiber.
Fiber - they - for every customer fiber lost in broadband, we gained 20 on our network, so that was a pretty clear net gain.
And this [indiscernible] - we have seen a - we have seen that happening over quite a long time.
Who knows what's going to happen in the future?
We recognize cable is going to be a difficult competitor, but as I said, we are gaining share from cable and quite well last quarter.
In terms of fiber and cable overlap and - Liv, anything you want to say about that?
A: I mean we went to three different areas, if you remember, in our early fiber deployment.
We decided to try some rural as well as just urban.
We also went to some of the big urban city areas and then we also said we'd try market towns.
And I think - so what you can expect in our early phases is where we are typically in the urban areas there's very strong crossover in terms of dense populations.
Clearly when we are trying out places like market towns and more rural locations, then it's just us.
So it's a bit of mix from the early days.
As time goes on, as we build up towards the 66%, then we have taken learnings from that and, my guess, we announced as you know, kind of, about a year and a half in advance.
And if you were to fast forward to the announced phases, there is a higher crossover going forward with some of the cable areas.
This by no means a perfect match, because we believe that we can take different customers on a different journey and that's the path that we're on.
A: Yeah, I mean - wasn't just - well - apology, I think I used the word fiber where I meant to say cable in terms of relative market share.
I saw a look of aghast around the table.
So I must have used the wrong word, but I am sure that's - you knew what I meant.
Okay, thank you very much Wilton.
Next question?
O: Thank you.
Next question is from the line of Sam McHugh from Sanford Bernstein.
Please go ahead.
Sam, can you check if your phone is on mute?
Q: Hello.
A: Hi Sam.
Do you have a question?
O: Sam, your line is open.
Please go ahead.
Q: Hello -
O: We will take our next question.
It's from the line of Nick Lyall from UBS.
Please go ahead, Nick.
Q: Hi there, morning.
I have just a couple of questions on the Consumer situation, please.
On - because of Sky's comments and also a week Consumer.
Have you seen any notion at all in your churn or any of the numbers that pricing may now be difficult to increase for the Retail business?
And secondly, on the Consumer, any affect at all on the fiber funds or take-up?
It doesn't look like it, but given the extra price of the product, have you seen any affect at all?
Thanks.
A: Customers are looking for value.
And they see value in the BT product, it would appear, as they should do, because what we've done is put a lot of value into our product.
One of the things I want to be really clear about, because I know some people seem to have misunderstood this, that PlusNet represents well under a fifth of our net adds.
So whilst PlusNet is a very good, very price-led, cheaper standalone product, actually we are seeing the vast majority of the increase in our base coming from BT Total Broadband and the numbers speak for themselves on fiber.
And we are pricing fiber very aggressively, quite intentionally, because we want to get people on fiber.
We make a - better ARPU from fiber, because people are choosing the higher level.
So what you are seeing is sort of pricing fiber is very comparable with a top range in - DSL.
But actually because of the mix, we are seeing an increase in ARPU.
And of course, people are choosing bundles and you can see - what's our summer sale offer just now, Gavin?
A: 16 for broadband and all you can eat calls.
A: So a bargain and I notice things are tough in the city, so 16 for fiber and calls; [indiscernible] for broadband and calls.
That's one to go for, in all seriousness.
These sort of promotions, we're bundling things together, seem to be having an impact for people and it's a - they also like, I think, to see the price certainty that comes with a lot of these things.
Because it includes things like 087 - and 0845 calls, unlike a number of other players and I think that's also playing to our strengths.
So, thank you
Q: Great.
Thank you.
O: Thank you.
The next question is from the line of Steve Malcolm from Evolution.
Please go ahead
Q: Yeah, hi.
I will just go for one question, if that's okay.
On the cost base, I take on Tony's points about process for engineering and that other stuff that's driving cost control.
But I guess the biggest driver is still the number of people you employ and what you pay them.
And the sort of stand out cost number to me was the direct costs, which had been running sort of flat year-on-year and they were down 6% in this quarter, which is clearly a very good performance.
Could you just give us a bit of color into how you achieved that?
Excuse me - sorry.
Because as far as I can see there's no composite redundancy scheme.
You've got your 3% wage supplement; you've got rising NI contributions.
I guess offsetting that you've got some pension cost reductions.
So it feels a little counterintuitive, but it would be helpful just to understand the dynamics behind net cost reduction?
Thanks.
A: Thanks, Steve.
There is an element of which the indirect and direct sort of numbers bounce around a little bit, depending on whether we've got temporary people in to go and help with work stack and things like that.
And I think some of the underlying performance last year in direct was somewhat hidden by increased pension costs for instance that aren't the case this year.
And to a large degree, we like to look at total labor costs when we look at things.
We did pay people more, I should add.
So it's not wage reduction; quite the opposite.
But it is about greater efficiency.
But Tony, do you want to talk a bit more detail?
A: Yeah, just a couple of things, I think.
If you look at our total - our gross direct labor costs, they go down between 1% and 2% each quarter sequentially.
It will, as Ian said, bounce around, because in some instances we are insourcing work from our indirect labor.
In some instances, we are renegotiating rates on indirect labor and passing that through in terms of direct labor on transfers.
But I think the key point though is - Ian said this directly - if you improve the customer experience by improving the way we're providing customer service, taking out the cost of failure and reengineering the processes, there are plenty of opportunities.
I mean a key point here is Retail's been doing this for six years and Gavin and I had a number of discussions, there are still further opportunities within Retail.
And while we're not into target setting now - he's nodding his head here.
The reality is these cost reductions will continue, but don't get fixated by direct labor costs.
Don't even get fixated by labor costs, because there will be swing items between the different headings.
Q: Yeah, but I mean is it just absolute number of people in the business going down?
Is it a mix thing?
I mean, you've obviously got the headwind of the salary increase.
Because it feels like the labor costs last year was down very sharply.
The rates of reductions should be kind of slowing, but yet you're clearly delivering very good numbers still.
A: Yeah.
Q: Is that - I mean, any more on that?
A: Yeah, look there will be continuously further reductions on our total cost base.
The key piece you're making about direct labor costs is we're not fixated about the number of people in the business.
The key piece here really is - is the value of what those people are providing, value for money.
So we are focusing on ensuring that the people that we have got within the business deliver value for money, without focusing specifically in terms of the number of people.
In terms of your question, is this going to continue?
We will continue to reduce our total cost base.
Don't get fixated by direct labor.
Q: What you are saying is kind of mix, that - the absolute numbers may not reduce much, but there's people that are not producing that are maybe high cost that are coming out.
Is that fair?
A: Yeah.
Absolutely.
Q: Okay.
Thank you.
A: Okay.
Next question?
O: Thank you.
The next question is from the line of James Ratzer from New Street Research.
Please go ahead
Q: Yes, thank you.
I had two questions, please.
The first one was just regarding your overall revenue target.
You suggest in Q1 that you were running a bit below that target and you've mentioned that the bank holiday had a bit of an effect on that.
I was wondering what other areas you could talk about that give you confidence that the rate of growth is going to accelerate through the year, what kind of specific items we could be looking at to drive that?
And the second question I had was just regarding your Infinity net add.
Clearly, you've got a very strong performance in the quarter.
Are most of these adds coming on at your new discounted package of 18 per month?
I'm just trying to get a feel of whether Infinity is actually being accretive to your existing ARPU at the moment?
Thank you.
A: Infinity is accretive to our existing ARPU.
We are seeing quite a bit higher ARPU on Infinity, a number of pounds higher per customer.
I won't give you the number just yet.
But suffice to say, we are very comfortable with that.
So Infinity's fine.
In terms of revenue, we are expecting improvements.
I think Global Services - I think as we said, translating some of the stuff into revenue and the way some of the contract recognitions happen.
It was - Q1 is very consistent with what we expected.
So it's not - from our point of view, Q1 numbers are no great surprise in terms of revenue.
And actually, they're no great surprise in terms of pretty much bang on consensus.
So this is very much steady as she goes, pretty much expected.
And we would expect to see through the course of the year an improvement.
And of course, you'd want to see that as well and I can't guarantee that means it's absolutely smooth quarter-by-quarter-by-quarter, but you would absolutely want and expect to see that.
Because the following year, we are moving to 0% to 2% plus, so you need to sort of have your exit run rate going in the right direction.
But, Tony, I think - so no, it's very much steady as you go.
And - one other thing you've got to look at with all these numbers when you talk about year-on-year numbers; you've got last year and you've got this year.
And within a quarter you can get some volatility and trying to get these things down to the nearest 0.5% is a degree of accuracy that I think all of us probably would struggle with.
The direction of travel's absolutely right and we are very comfortable with the guidance we set out.
Okay.
Q: And the biggest driver of that improvement would come from Global Services you -?
A: Well, it'd certainly be - it be one of the drivers of that improvement.
Q: Okay, thank you very much.
A: Thank you.
Next question?
O: Next question is from the line of Carl from JPMorgan.
Please go ahead.
Q: Well, thank you, it's Carl Murdock-Smith from JPMorgan.
Just a quick question on YouView.
Last year around this time there were lots of Sky Sports adverts from yourselves advertising a BT Vision package and the message was very much that you were going to be here year in, year out for the long haul.
It is two weeks until the premiership starts.
The advertising has definitely been more muted this year.
I was wondering is it a conscious decision to kind of hold off until maybe Sky Movies resolution and until you have YouView?
So any color around that would be great.
Thank you.
A: Well, they were holding off overall with Vision, I think that's an important thing.
What - we did have to establish ourselves as being someone who offered sport and that was important.
I think as we talked about it last year, we didn't think that the - necessarily that the execution was probably outstanding in there.
But the - but we did have to establish ourselves as [indiscernible] , which we did.
Critically what was important was a overall vision and in fact, actually, overall broadband and I can put a really big tick in the box for broadband.
It was set this quarter, including cable, best ever.
In terms of Vision, a very solid 24% growth and that compares very nicely with other TV companies.
So I think you're going to see continued steady growth, new prepositions coming in, which are advertising for this new Essentials package and there's going to be further enhancements to service.
As you say, when YouView comes in, that will - I think that will present new opportunities and there will be a huge amount of marketing spend effectively from the YouView partners as well.
One of the things that's always been tough with Vision is to a degree we're on our own in terms of explaining to customers what it is and what it does.
When they've got it they really like it.
But with YouView you'll have BBC, ITV, channel 4, channel 5 all in the mix and that's going to be very encouraging, very much in the way it has been for [indiscernible] .
But Gavin, do you want to add anything?
No, okay.
That's pretty much where we are, so continued steady progress and we are looking forward to YouView coming around.
Q: That's great.
Thank you.
O: Thank you.
Next question is from the line of Andrew Beale from Arete Research.
Please go ahead Andrew.
Q: Hi, you saw a decline in unbundled loops this quarter.
Can you talk about the drivers of that trend change including obviously how you see Infinity impacting your competitors?
Thanks.
A: Yeah, well that trend change is sort of - is made up of two factors going different directions.
The big factor that caused the trend change is that Orange have moved on to Wholesale for their - to run their broadband service.
So - and I think they're seeing significant improvements in service as a result of that.
So that's - that's the change that's going on at the moment.
Against that actually we've seen continued quite strong movement to LLU by other providers and so it's sort of - ex-Orange you would see something different.
And of course, the other factor I should mention in terms of overall numbers is the success of BT Retail.
So actually what you've seen is the key non-LLU companies that were - add business, doing particularly well.
And so I think that's the key changes over on the mix.
Q: And how much was the Orange effect in the LLU numbers this quarter, roughly?
A: I'm not sure we're going - we're desperate to give individual companies.
But actually it - it was big movement.
I mean you know the Orange sort of base and most of the base has now migrated.
So it is quite significant measured in some hundreds of thousands in the quarter, a few 100,000 in the quarter.
Q: Thanks.
A: Okay.
O: Thank you.
The next question is from the line of Guy Peddy from Macquarie.
Please go ahead.
Q: Yeah.
Morning all.
Just a quick follow up question to earlier.
First, how many of your 200,000 Infinity customers are getting high speed broadband for the first time?
And secondly, a bit cheeky one.
On the Global Services, you talked about new business sign-ups being accelerating the revenue trend.
Can you talk about the margin profile of new business relative to retention business?
Thank you.
A: In terms of Global Services, that second question.
I think new business - all new - all business we've got goes through clear return processes and I think this might be one of the strengths of our processes now that new business we're taking on is - we're very clear about.
So I think there is not particularly any commentary I can give on that.
In terms of at Infinity, how many are new to high speed broadband?
Well, I think most of them would be new to high speed broadband on the basis that unless they were one of the very few customers that are actually on Virgin's high speed network, they'll be new to it.
But there aren't too many of those on Virgin's network, so I'm going to guess that almost all of them are going to be new to high speed broadband and they really like it and they're seeing - they are seeing very high speeds particularly.
One of the things we're noticing that they are particularly liking is upstream speeds; the fact that they're getting upstream speeds 10 Megs-plus is actually a bigger multiple than a lot of the downstream speeds.
And the world we're in today is becoming a lot more symmetrical.
But in terms of being new to - if what your question was, are they new to us overall, we said about a third of the customers now coming on to Infinity are due to BT Retail.
Okay.
Next question?
O: Thank you.
Next question is from the line of Simon Weeden from Citigroup.
Please go ahead, Simon.
Q: Yes, thank you very much.
You mentioned earlier, back on the fiber questions really, that you see 50% better growth in areas with fiber than not, within Market 3.
I think that was my -
A: Yeah.
Q: - my understanding what you said.
Could you just clarify what you mean by growth there?
I presume you mean gross adds, but I'm not sure if I've got that right?
A: Net adds, so if you said in - that we grew let's just say on average by 5% of our customer base in Market 3 in a particular quarter it would be 7.5% in the areas with fiber.
So that's what I meant.
Q: Okay.
A: Sorry, I apologize that I said that clumsily, but you got exactly what I meant.
Q: I'm with you now, that's great, thank you.
And the related question.
I just wondered if you could describe in broad terms without obviously giving away any commercial secrets, quite what your marketing process is.
I imagine there's a point at which a neighborhood is fibered-up and that fiber is released to the marketing division by the network.
What's the marketing process there?
And would you say that your Retail marketing folk have learned how to sell fiber against cable over the last sort of few months of practice and how would you describe that?
A: Well, we've actually been running - if you actually look at our net adds on the base of fiber that existed.
Last quarter I commented actually pro rata we were selling six times as many fiber connections pro rata as cable were.
So I don't think it's the case of learn; I think they've been doing a good job from day one.
And in terms of our marketing, I think couple of layers I'll just say is, first of all, creating an overall brand for Infinity has - is important and we've been putting investment for a while into the brand building.
So we find customers asking us for Infinity now.
It's a bit like - it's become the generic name for a lot of fiber and that's important.
And that was a very conscious decision.
You can get fiber from anyone.
You can only get Infinity from BT and I think that's encouraging.
And then what we - overlay that with a mixture of direct mail, local marketing to reflect and also things like people pre-registering and showing their interest and just general advertising.
But I think it's very much a multi-layered approach and word of mouth is also [indiscernible] .
I tell you when one person has it they are talking to others.
We are still early days, so be clear.
We are talking still a fairly small proportion of our base, but what's encouraging is the rate of growth has increased and the - and it certainly seems to make an overall impact on our overall market share in our Retail business
Q: Terrific.
Thanks very much
A: Okay.
Thanks
O: Thank you.
Next question is from the line of Chris Alliott from RBS.
Please go ahead
Q: Yeah good morning thanks.
Couple of quick questions from me.
Firstly in Wholesale, I wonder if there is any chance you could give us an indication of how big those migration costs currently are of the sort of total cost base.
I guess in the quarter of about 700 million of cost base.
So I wonder what that might - what those migration costs might be in terms of percentages, just thinking about how that flows through for the rest of the year?
And then secondly, just in terms of your confidence on the top line, I am just thinking about how that sits against sort of concerns of a weaker consumer and weaker economic environment.
Do you feel pretty insulated against that weaker environment to give you the confidence on the revenues?
Thanks.
A: On Wholesale migration costs, one of the things got to bear in mind, I mean, we are talking about differentials of a few percent here against expectations.
So the answer is there's some million single digit millions higher than we expected per quarter and it will carry on for a few quarters.
We are not talking - and it's low single digits at that.
And it's one of the things when you are talking about year-on-year movements and whether you are talking about - I think consensus was something like minus 7% on profits and we came in at minus 9%, it's a - it's fairly small parts of that and of course it is only one part of it.
So answer is low single digit, but will carry on for quite a few quarters.
In terms of top line, I think it very dangerous for any CEO to say the economy has no effect on our business.
And some of the countries we operate in we see - it obviously creates more headwinds.
But what is important for BT overall and remains, absence of meltdown, is what we do ourselves.
And if you took something - took areas of our business, particularly we've got low market share, enhancing our market share and creating new products and services is more important than just the market growth.
So, are there headwinds?
Yes there are.
But most of us expect headwinds.
We are not banking on a massive, wonderful economy.
And - but we think we are exposed also to some high growth areas, both in terms of product and also in terms of global areas that we operate in.
We'd love to see a better economy than we are, but in the meantime we get on and run our own business better and self-help, as I said, is really important.
So thanks.
Q: Okay.
Great, thanks.
O: Thank you.
Next question is from the line of John Francois from Credit Agricole.
Please go ahead.
Q: Yes, good morning, very quick question.
I was currently looking at your net debt to EBITDA level, which is standing at [indiscernible] 1.6 down, something around for the last three quarters in a row.
I'd like to ask your views on where you would expect, are you comfortable with that level or is it something that you think you should further improve?
Thank you.
A: Yeah, I think that when you look at our net debt EBITDA, more importantly as the rating agencies look at it, you've got to remember we've got some operating leases and also pension that has to be added on.
To be honest, we're not particularly targeting a net debt to EBITDA level.
It's very much more - we want to be triple B, triple B-plus and we know full well with the rating agencies, different environments sets at different levels.
We will see our debt, our debt reducing overall - I mean, if you look at the cash we are generating and you look at even what goes into pension scheme, pays out in dividends, there is a decent difference.
So I think we will have a lower level of debt.
But actually we've got lots of room.
We keep on saying this to - given the confidence in the future cash flow to pay increasing dividends, to continue this sort of strong investment profile we've got, contribute to the pension scheme and pay down debt.
So it's not an either or in any of this things.
But - I think we're pretty conservative management and you will see a gradual - if you look at long-term trend, I think it will be a gradual decrease in that ratio would be - Tony.
Q: Sorry, just to follow-up on that.
Does that mean that the main viable that may affect that level is actually the situation on the pension scheme?
A: It is one of the inputs.
I was just making the point you can't just look at pure debt to EBITDA on its own.
You have to look at some other factors.
Tony, do you want to add something?
A: Yeah, just - look, the rating agencies, as Ian said, add to the debt number the operating leases as well as the pension deficit.
The range they want to try and operate on, and they calculate it differently, is right about between 2 and 2.5 to 1 to try and get a rating between BBB and BBB+.
We will operate within that range, which means we are still further things that we need to do in terms of improving our ratio and that will be basically in terms of improving the EBITDA as well as reducing the debt.
A: Yeah, as Tony said, that one of the best ways to improve the ratio is to improve EBITDA and that's what we also said we would do.
Next question, please.
Q: Thank you.
O: Thank you.
Next question is from the line of Jerry Dellis from Jefferies.
Please go ahead.
Q: Yes, good morning, thanks for taking the question.
Two questions please.
First one on Retail revenues.
I think consensus has got an improving revenue trend on Retail, like minus 3% penciled in for full year this year, at minus 1% for next year.
Given that you've been tracking in the range minus 4% to minus 4.5% for the last sort of couple of quarters, I wonder whether you're still anticipating sort of an improvement in that trend and what quarter do you think we could start to see that kick in?
And then the second question is just on Infinity.
I'm wondering about the sort of 70,000 adds you posted in the last quarter.
Do you feel you're fulfilling all the demand that's out there, or is there a constraint on your ability to sort of connect consumers in volume?
And if there is, I just wondered whether you could sort of explain what that might be and when that constraint might loosen up?
Thank you.
A: There is not over time a big constraint on Infinity and so I don't think that's the major factor.
I'd love - I look forward to there being constraint, because that means we are doing a lot more.
But certainly we are - if we have a sudden surge in demand that could be an issue.
But I think over a long - over any sort of three month, four month period, you can react to pretty much any demand level.
So at the moment, no, I think we are in pretty good shape in terms of being able to meet.
If there was much higher demand for fiber generally across the network, then Openreach would have to react.
But we are not going to carry lots of spare engineers when we don't need it.
But I think what we have noticed it's amazing what we can do.
In terms of quarterly trends, individual level for LOB's against consensus, I think as I've been told by my investor relations man on my right, it would be inappropriate for the CEO to give further guidance over and above what we have done.
We said the trends going to improve and that remains the thing.
Okay thanks, Jerry.
O: Thank you.
Next question is from line of Nick Delfas from Morgan Stanley.
Please go ahead.
Q: Yeah, thanks very much.
I wondered if you could give us an idea when you think the first BT UK tender will take place and if you have any indications who may be interested in that besides yourselves.
And I don't think you've given it on the call, but have you got any update on YouView launch timing?
Thanks.
A: YouView launch timing, I think we'll be looking at spring.
So, I'm glad to say it's under a year; not the standard answer of around a year.
So we are making progress and I think [indiscernible] chairman has certainly helped drive that forward.
On BT UK, a little bit of that is - we'll see, but I'm sure Liv can give a little bit more detail, because there has been some real progress in BT UK in funds being allocated.
But, do you want to talk about some of the dates and, I mean, a little bit - you may have to ask BT UK who the competitors are, we could probably only speculate, I would guess.
A: Yes, so I think there's two that are advancing quote from BT UK and one that's kind of slightly outside the process, but is becoming badged as BT UK and that's Wales.
So then the two that are advancing at speed anyway is the North Yorkshire bid and the Cumbria bid and both of those are - there in dialogues, there beginning to have financial conversations with the various bidders.
And as I understand it, there are probably 4 to 5 bidders being selected moving to the PQQ stage for each of those.
Wales is probably the one that was outside of BT UK, but has now had, as you know, the 50-ish million handed over, or allocated, over the course of the last couple weeks.
So I think it's becoming badged as probably the fifth of the early pilots.
And the decision making there is expected before Christmas, so it's kind of like a lead up to Christmas decision-making situation.
A: Yeah, I mean I would say generally with regional bids, I mean one of the things you see is a big difference in our performance for instance in Northern Ireland and Cornwall in terms of the speed of the actual delivery compared with a number of other areas in the UK where money was put in and other people stepped forward claiming to do the thing.
And frankly, their system is not benefiting.
They are not getting service and I think people are seeing that.
That being said and I just say it right now; I don't think we'll win every BT UK bid.
I just think that is the way of things.
But we think our ability to deliver is clearly very superior and we've been doing this for a while.
Some of this stuff is not straightforward and experience and capability - will account for quite a lot in delivery.
So we'll bid; we're keen for it, but I think just be practical.
If there's a dozen bids, we won't win all of them.
Okay, thanks.
Q: Thanks very much.
O: Thank you.
Next question is from the line of Stuart Gordon from Berenberg.
Please go ahead Stuart.
Q: Yeah, couple of questions.
First of all, you spoke about improvements to your network that could double the Infinity speeds and there was a few processes that you had to go through.
Could you give us an update on how they are going?
And secondly, just kind of a follow-up to an earlier question.
Clearly chasing revenues in Global Services; you do say the processes are in place to ensure that they meet to return hurdles.
But the same could be said about Global Services when you were growing revenues aggressively in the past.
Could you just give us some guides on what process changes you have made to ensure the same pitfalls don't befall those revenues this time?
Thanks.
A: Yeah, I'll ask Jeff maybe to comment on the clearly - we are not clearly chasing revenue.
We are clearly chasing profitable growth; that's for sure.
And maybe I'd ask you to look at our profit and cash flow performance of the group to give you a general feel for maybe a change in BT in how it delivers.
But Jeff, do you want to talk about some of the processes we go through to deliver profitable growth?
A: Sure.
The process we use is a - it's a blend of EBITDA performance and cash flow performance, what areas of the business we are selling into, whether it's geographic, the overall risk profiles.
And we look at deal quality in those parameters.
Over the past two years, we have implemented common solution centers.
We have three of those around the world and what you get out of those in the more complex deals, and they all go through that, are more consistent solutions that we can rely on and that have less risk profile to them.
And then an account start-up unit that gets us more consistent, coupled with a - what we call an IR team - IRT team that looks at deals once we implement them.
And it's an independent review team.
So all that comes together in what we call our overall risk management approach when we implement deals.
And I'd have to say I can - sitting here, there's probably three that I can remember of the top of my head where we chose not to pursue because those things didn't come together.
A: Okay, thanks Jeff.
On the [indiscernible] chain, first of all we have to agree this with industry and we are making good progress on that, but it's still being discussed in industry.
Then we have to test it, roll it out and be able, as they say in our terms, consume it.
All of that we have a good degree of confidence and unless there's a major problem we haven't expected to have it done by the end of 2012.
So I think it will be - you'll see next year we will be looking at not just downstream speeds going up to 80 Megs, but I think also very important, upstream speeds going 20 Megs and maybe even slightly higher than that.
And that will be a multiple, for instance, of the cable network on upstream speeds.
So - and we are seeing, as I said, earlier customers find that very important.
So I think we've got two more questions, so we will take two - take three more questions?
Two more questions; we'll take those two more questions and then we will be done.
Okay, penultimate question.
O: Thank you.
Next question is from the line of Maurice Patrick from Barclays.
Please go ahead.
Q: Hi guys.
We've focused a lot on cost reductions whereas in Openreach this quarter your cost went up by 4%.
Just curious to understand whether that's all fiber related, the element to which the cost increases is external rather than internal costs and also where we are on the cost time-to-install on the Infinity base?
Thank you.
A: Yeah, I mean I'll look to comment on why our costs went up.
And the - is actually, it's more volume; particularly engineering volume is being a key thing.
Also some elements of clearing; we did - we have been bringing down our work stack and that's been important.
And yes, we have - we are doing a lot of Infinity.
But Liv, do you want to?
A: I mean the other dynamic is the extra leavers, so we did fast track some leaver payments during the course of the quarter.
And [indiscernible] it as well, and that definitely will help us going forward.
But I mean the volume is a major increase for us; that's a good news situation.
So if you're going to grow copper, you are going to spend more volume and it's a combination of those couple.
A: Yeah.
Great.
And Adam, I think you've got the honor of the last question.
O: Thank you.
Next question is from the line of Adam Rumley from HSBC.
Please go ahead.
Q: Thanks very much.
I just wondered if you could comment on the progress you are making with fiber to the home.
I guess you are now about a third of the way through the complete roll out for fiber and I just wondered the kind of time scales you're thinking about at the moment ?
Thanks.
A: The answer is we are making progress, ask Liv.
It's tough going; I've got to be clear of that.
But we are making progress in more areas being rolled out.
And clearly as we go on, fiber to the home will represent a bigger proportion of the mix than it does currently.
But Liv, do you want to talk about the roll out areas and how many areas we're rolling out to and - etcetera?
A: Yes, so what we decided to do when we're doing fiber to the home is we could have gone for just one type of area and we could have probably got some high numbers on the board quite early on.
But what we've realized is that our view is that if you are going to do 66% of the UK and beyond, ideally - if we're into BT UK bids as well, then clearly you need to have a formula that you can do at scale across the UK in every different type.
So we chose to go for different pilot areas; so York, [indiscernible] , Cornwall, [indiscernible] , there all very different places and that gave us a chance to see what FTTP looks like in different parts of the UK.
It looks different, but it looks tricky I guess in lots of those until you begin to work out the perfect process.
And I think we're still working out that perfect process.
We have made tremendous progress over the course of the last six months I would say, with working it out.
At the same time it's making sure that we are clear on the fact our customers want speed fiber now, which is why we have been making sure that we can give FTTC as quick as possible across the UK.
A couple of recent innovations we've made is - I know these might sound not very exciting to the rest of you, but they are very exciting to me - is that we've got a new spade and this new spade allows us to dig just literally next door to a pole and it means if you are doing a pole version of FTTP, you are actually able to do it much quicker, because you don't need to do a separate civil dig.
It can be done there and then by the same man.
This special spade can cut through concrete and is a genuine innovation in the marketplace.
So that's one I was highlighted - that was the highlight of my quarter.
And the secondary, I think we have worked out is you can also do at the same areas, you can do a very good mixture of FTTC and FTTP.
And originally we were like; you're either one or the other.
We have worked out a much clearer, a much more efficient financially and effective process both operationally to be able to do quicker fiber in areas by doing a mix on a street by street basis.
And we're doing that in Cornwall right now in conjunction with the deal we've got down there.
So there are a couple of innovations for you.
A: Well that just goes to show how quickly someone can move from being our strategy director to her special spade.
And I think I would also say it's got to be remembered, of course, with FTTC and bringing fiber in effect within about 400 yards of the home.
And that also presents some future opportunities that we will see that greater mix.
Ian Paul Livingston: So with that, thank you very much, everyone, for the questions.
Thanks for being on the call at a busy time and can I just finish by wishing everyone a very good holiday if you've not been on holiday.
And if you already have, well, tough.
Thanks very much and I'll speak to you in a few months' time.
Cheers.
